Let him come out and explain it to me.
What are you doing?
Why are you so grumpy?
Xu Feng, why are you back?
estimate
What's going on?
Please explain it to me.
Xu Feng, hurry up and get out
Don't disturb my wedding with Mr. Zhao
It's your decision.
Yeah, I just want to live the life of a rich man
You can't give it to me at all
Look at yourself.
Just because you look like a labor prisoner
I can't support myself, what can I do to support me?
Don't you come every day just for money?
Here are a few hundred dollars for you.
Even if our Guo family rewards you
You will regret it
Bah, I will regret marrying you a poor ghost
What? You're not dead?
Get out of the way
Don't go, today is the day I want to estimate your wedding
Do you have no money to go with you?
Hey, it doesn't matter, you don't need to pay.
You can eat whatever you want with the leftovers
We're having our wedding at the Calvin Hotel
If you don't go
I'm afraid I'll never have the opportunity to eat in it in my life
This ungrateful woman
Bad like you
What a perfect match!